Rewrite PO Token docs (#50)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp-wiki: Extractors.md

# YouTube

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > YouTube is gradually enforcing the use of a "PO Token" to be able to download videos. Due to the nature of these tokens, yt-dlp cannot generate them, > YouTube is gradually enforcing the use of a "PO Token" to be able to download videos. Due to the nature of these tokens, yt-dlp cannot generate them, so they must be provided from an external source.

Reviewer: Did you accidentally write the first part of this line twice?

Author: Fixed

> 
> By default, yt-dlp will attempt to download videos using clients that do not currently require a PO Token. However, some formats and features may not be available.
> 
> At this time, it is **recommended** to use the `web` client with a PO Token for GVS. Refer to the [PO Token Guide](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/PO-Token-Guide) on how to set up yt-dlp for this.

## Exporting YouTube cookies

> If you are unfamiliar with the basics of exporting cookies and passing them to yt-dlp, then first see [How do I pass cookies to yt-dlp?](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/FAQ#how-do-i-pass-cookies-to-yt-dlp)

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding this line?
```
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Passing cookies risks getting your Google account banned. We highly recommend using a throwaway account, especially if you rely on other Google services (Gmail, Google Drive, Google Play Store etc)
```

Author: Added something along those lines

YouTube rotates account cookies frequently on open YouTube browser tabs as a security measure.
To export cookies that will remain working with yt-dlp, you will need to export cookies in such a way that they are never rotated. 

> Note: this is not necessary for guest sessions (i.e. not logged in) as they do not have rotating cookies.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
Note: this is only necessary if you are downloading videos that require authentication to watch (age-restricted videos, private videos, and membership-only videos)
```

Author: Added

# YouTube

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > YouTube is gradually enforcing the use of a "PO Token" to be able to download videos. Due to the nature of these tokens, yt-dlp cannot generate them, so they must be provided from an external source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> YouTube is gradually enforcing the use of a "PO Token" to be able to download videos. Due to the nature of these tokens, yt-dlp cannot generate them and they must be provided externally.
```

> 

> > By default, yt-dlp will attempt to download videos using clients that do not currently require a PO Token. However, some formats and features may not be available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By default, yt-dlp will attempt to download videos using clients that do not currently require a PO Token. However, some formats and features may not be available without the token(s).
```

> 
> At this time, it is **recommended** to use provide a PO Token to use with the `web` client. Refer to the [PO Token Guide](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/PO-Token-Guide) on how to set up yt-dlp for this.

## Exporting YouTube cookies

> [!CAUTION]

> > Using your account with yt-dlp may risk it being banned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By using your account with yt-dlp, you run the risk of it being banned (temporarily or permanently).
```

> > Be mindful with the request rate and amount of downloads you make with an account. Consider using a throwaway account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Be mindful with the request rate and amount of downloads you make with an account. Use it only when necessary, or consider using a throwaway account.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This is only necessary for content that requires an account to access, such as private playlists, age restricted videos and members-only content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This is only necessary for content that requires an account to access, such as private playlists, age-restricted videos and members-only content.
```

If you are unfamiliar with the basics of exporting cookies and passing them to yt-dlp, then first see [How do I pass cookies to yt-dlp?](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/FAQ#how-do-i-pass-cookies-to-yt-dlp)

YouTube rotates account cookies frequently on open YouTube browser tabs as a security measure.
To export cookies that will remain working with yt-dlp, you will need to export cookies in such a way that they are never rotated. 

One way to do this is through a private browsing/incognito window:
1. Open a new private browsing/incognito window and log into YouTube
2. Open a new tab and **close the YouTube tab**

> 3. Export cookies from the browser then **close the private browsing/incognito window** so the session is never opened in the browser again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Export `youtube.com` cookies from the browser then **close the private browsing/incognito window** so the session is never opened in the browser again.
```

You can do this with:

>     --extractor-args "youtubetab:skip=webpage" --extractor-args "youtube:player_skip=webpage,configs;visitor_data=VISITOR_DATA_VALUE_HERE"

Reviewer 2: `skip=webpage` isn't a thing afaict

Do we want to call attention to `player_skip` arg with a note below?
```suggestion
    --extractor-args "youtube:player_skip=webpage,configs;visitor_data=VISITOR_DATA_VALUE_HERE"

(Note that the `player_skip` argument is necessary to prevent conflicting cookies from being set during `webpage` or `configs` requests)
```

Author: > skip=webpage isn't a thing afaict

It is - this is for TabIE

https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp?tab=readme-ov-file#youtube
> Do we want to call attention to player_skip arg with a note below?

the note above says the same thing basically

Reviewer 2: yeah i can't read
